Memento
=======

Simple abstraction layer for localStorage API with fallback on cookies.

Overview
--------

Memento is a HTML5 localStorage API abstraction with automatic fallback on
cookies for browsers that do not support localStorage.

It can be used in many ways, but it is most useful for storing simple values
identified by a key.

For browsers that only support cookies, Memento coerces values to strings, but
this might change in future. For localStorage-capable browsers, Memento will
store wahtever values you pass it. For now, it's safest if you use only string
values, and use JSON to store complex values.

Installation
------------

Memento can be used either by adding it as a `<script>` tag, or by using
AMD-compliant module loader such as [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org/).

    <script src="js/memento.js"></script>

or:

    define(['memento'], function(memento) {
    
    });

memento.set(key, value)
-----------------------

You can use `memento.set()` call to set a value for a particular key. For
example:

    memento.set('foo', 'bar');

The above sets `foo` key to value `'bar'`.

memento.get(key, def)
---------------------

The `memento.get()` call is used to get the value of a particular key. If key
does not exist, it will supply the value of the second argument `def`, which is
`undefined` by default.

memento.unset(key)
------------------

You can unset the value of a key by calling `memento.unset()`, and passing it
the key.

Cookie expiration
-----------------

Cookies are expired after one year, so, unlike localStorage, they do not last
for eternity.

License
-------

Copyright (c)2012 by Monwara LLC / Branko Vukelic <branko@monwara.com>
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
